feat: add support for directories in the stack order (#493)
mineiros-io/terramate: docs/orchestration.md

Order of execution can be explicitly declared inside the **stack** block using
the fields **before** and **after**. 

> Each field is a set of string paths (**set(string)**), where each string is a 
> reference to another directory, which can be a stack or contain stacks inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each field is a set of string (**set(string)**), where each string is a path that
references another directory, which can be a stack or contain stacks inside.
```

The explicit order can be used in conjunction with the implicit filesystem order
but have in mind that a parent stack in the filesystem can never execute after a
child one, and trying to make this using explicit **before** and **after** clauses
will lead to a cycle error.

References to directories can be relative to the stack being configured in the form:

```
../../dir
```

Or they can be relative to the project root, starting with "/":

```
/path/relative/to/project/root/dir
```

**before** ensures that the configured stack is executed before the

> stacks contained in the directory entries. As the stack you are saying: 
> "I execute before these stacks".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stacks contained in the directory paths. As the stack you are saying: 
"I execute before all stacks inside these directories".
```

**after** ensures the opposite, that the stacks contained in the provided 
directories are executed before the current stack. As the stack, you are saying:

> "I execute after these stacks".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"I execute after all stacks inside these directories".
```
